our first guest tonight is wonder woman
which is really the only credit you need
she also has a new documentary series
about real life women of wonder
impact with gal gadot premieres monday
on national geographic's youtube channel
please welcome gal gadot hi gail
hey jimmy i'm good how are you
[Applause]
i'm sending you a big hug from here i've
been practicing saying your name did i
do it well
i didn't notice i'm so sorry oh all
right well then just go with you
bobby i i i'm slow it's the pregnancy
i'm all
slow congratulations this is really your
practicing
take your thank you get to work day the
old-fashioned way aren't you
big time congratulations you're having
another girl right you have two girls
and now another yeah another one that's
so
that's that's how we roam how old are
your daughters how old are the ones that
are out now
alma's nine and maya's four
okay so you know i i was nine years old
when my little brother was born and it's
almost like having a
combination uh fellow parents slash
uh sibling but do they oh did they want
to know how the baby got in there
are you kidding me of course alma alma
alma had the whole session when i was
pregnant with maya and maya is now
super curious about how the baby got in
there
how is she gonna come out and all of
that so we explained
the pg way okay no mommy and daddy
had a big hug the seed
mommy's tummy etc etc so we're
we're doing this you know the birds and
bees how we how we know it
i see the bug the hug is an interesting
way i had a really
big hug i know are now the girls worried
about hugging daddy
because no but now i thought about it
that if
if they're gonna watch this interview
and i just said i'm sending you a big
hug from here
yes oh they're gonna be worried about
that well
yeah okay they'll be worried i'll be
thinking of it for the rest of the week
oh no no no of course we're friends
so are they excited overall i imagine
they're excited for a little kid right
they're
they're excited at the beginning alma
did not expect
we did a whole thing i get i we got them
cupcakes and we got cupcakes for each
member of the family including the dog
and then there was one cupcake cupcake
left
and i told them do you know who this
cupcake belongs to
and then they were like home and then
they started name other
family members and then i said i did
this
and alma went no really
i was like what yeah but then
but then she got used to the idea and
now she's super super excited and who
ate the cupcake when all was said and
done
uh the girls they shared it
all right all right then i told my amaya
do you know what mommy has in her
stomach
and then maya said yes and i told her
what and then she said cupcake
baby that is the way to get to the
cupcake to the baby for sure
what have you been doing what have you
been like up well besides
hugging what have you been um up to
in um in quarantine and lockdown
whatever you want to call it
oh man you know the usual stuff
it cooks a lot too much
why do you say too much probably too
much
why do i say too much i actually so i
drew
i you know the early days of pandemic
when you start drinking
like mimosa or sangria or whatever
11 a.m yeah so i did that
and then i decided i'm gonna make a
cabbage salad
because that's what one wants to do okay
anyway so i started to chop the thing
and i complete and i chopped my my the
top of my finger
oh i did that too i chopped the top of
my finger off uh cutting parmesan cheese
well you were cutting cabbage do you
still do do you have any feeling
no i have no feeling and yeah none at
all me too
and i touch it all the time i'm obsessed
with it now
me too because i'm waiting for it to
come back it's never
there yeah anyway elon went to the
chopping board and he held the
finger he did and then he got so disgust
that he threw it into the garbage no he
did not
what well you can't have any more kids
with him
no i know it was too late we already
hugged
wow he threw your finger down the
garbage just did he turn the switch on
just to make sure
and then we were both like what what are
we doing what
what are we gonna say yeah it was it was
a mess we were a mess then i stopped
cooking and stopped drinking
did you go to the hospital for the
finger
no because it was in the garbage
disposal oh nothing to do
yeah i didn't i don't too much
information i apologize
no not at all not at all i feel too
comfortable with you
i know back home in israel they've done
a great job with covid right they've
done
they really figured it out almost
immediately why do you think they
figured it out and it took us so long to
figure it out
um um well
i think it was much more manageable in
israel there's nine million people
here there's 350 so right kind of sure
yeah bit of a change
uh but also you know i think they've
done a really good job as far as
explaining you know how good the
vaccination
is so people literally went and they
felt like they were getting holy water
injected into their arms oh really yeah
which is partially true
uh and now they're having the time of
their life and i'm super
proud of them i'm jealous yeah oh are
you oh so they are rubbing it in they're
sending you pictures of what a good time
they're all having over there
yeah yeah same uh what's up groups yeah
yeah it was the independence day last
week
and they were all partying and sending
us video
it's like 2019 again like cove it never
happened
oh really but it's amazing it's amazing
and i'm happy for them and it's great
yes you don't you
yes i think you sound convincing but not
really right i mean
just i just want to be with them
and have fun with them as well well
you're
happy you'll get there don't worry
eventually we're gonna take a break when
we come back we're gonna see
uh a moment from your new show impact
with gal gadot we'll be right back
[Music]
documentary series impact which is on
the national geographic
youtube channel that was from brazil uh
that scene we just saw
yes and what what a beautiful uh really
first of all the show is absolutely
beautiful both visually and the stories
where how do you find these stories and
tell us a little about
that story that we just saw
um well how do you find that the the
story
the stories you just need to throw a
stone and it's literally
wherever you throw it you'll always
found you'll always find an amazing
inspiring uh
story like that but we took
you know we took that the best of the
best of them
and this one is uh
following 20 who's a ballerina from the
favelas in rio one of the most dangerous
dangerous places in rio and
she she basically um
established a dancing studio a dancing
school
for girls in the favelas that doesn't
have access to go
to schools or anything like that and
they're caught in this vicious circle
of getting pregnant in a really early
age
having a boy who goes and deals with
drugs and crime and stuff like that
or having a girl that will get pregnant
again et cetera et cetera
and she gives them an outlet to focus on
to where they can be empowered where
they can
um you know establish themselves as
dancers etc etc and it's
amazing and you see these are not
difficult to find these stories
we were super surprised i thought at the
beginning we had a global show
one story was in the middle east one was
in asia one was in every different
continent because they wanted to show
the connectivity of humankind
but then covet started so we decided
we're gonna do a domestic
uh show for the first season and i was
worried we're not gonna find enough
stories and i was
amazed by the amount of stories that we
found yeah it really is a a lovely thing
to do and i know that you oh
there's going to be a third wonder woman
movie as well which
wonder woman versus godzilla i believe
is is that the uh
working title really who told you that
well i have some sources that warner
brothers uh
yeah i'm not in this what's up groups
who would win in that fight wonder woman
versus godzilla i have to believe wonder
woman yes
you said that but i would say the same
thing yeah yeah okay all right
that role obviously changed your life
and made you a huge international star
did you did you keep um anything do you
have
any of the wonder woman stuff because
chris hemsworth
has stolen hammers from the set of thor
i do i do actually have
uh i don't have chris's
uh axe but i have the this one
oh you have that that's the helmet that
is nice is that made of real metal or is
it plastic painted to look like metal
uh what do you think i think plastic
yeah you're right oh that's like every
car now really but
it only looks expensive
and oh so you get to keep that forever
yes do you ever put it on
just to delight the kids um
what i'm really getting at is would you
put it on to delight these kids
here oh now
uh sure but it's two pieces of a thing
oh this is the only thing you only need
to do
yeah that's good okay wow look at that
yeah that's
yeah that's right that's wonderful
that's wonder woman she's pregnant and
she's missing the tip of her finger but
otherwise that's her
all right she's little always she's okay
she's doing fine she's doing all right
impact with gal gadot premieres
monday on national geographic's youtube
channel thank you very much gal
congratulations
we wish you the best of health and
everything we'll be right back with eric
andre so stick around
hi i'm jimmy kimmel and i am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now i'm
hungry